README.md, before:

# We Vote WebApp

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wevote/WebApp.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/wevote/WebApp)
[![Sauce Test Status](https://saucelabs.com/buildstatus/WeVote)](https://saucelabs.com/u/WeVote)

This WebApp repository contains a Node/React/Flux Javascript application. Using data from
Google Civic API, Vote Smart, MapLight, TheUnitedStates.io and the Voting Information Project, we give voters a social way to interact with ballot data.

Interested in volunteering? [Starting presentation here](https://prezi.com/5v4drd74pt6n/we-vote-introduction-strategic-landscape/). 
Please also [read about our values](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12qBXevI3mVKUsGmXL8mrDMPnWJ1SYw9zX9LGW5cozgg/edit) and 
[see our Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Our current alpha version is here: [https://WeVote.US](https://WeVote.US)

## Installing WebApp
Our installation process is built to allow engineers all over America to contribute to We Vote.
It may seem complicated, but it allows anyone to be in a position to make suggestions, and get involved.

1. [Preparing the Environment on Your Machine](docs/installing/ENVIRONMENT.md)

2. [Bringing Code to Your Machine](docs/installing/CLONING_CODE.md)

3. [Running WebApp for the First Time](docs/installing/RUNNING_FIRST_TIME.md)

## Working with WebApp
1. [Working with WebApp Day-to-Day](docs/working/README_WORKING_WITH_WEB_APP.md)

2. [Debugging Tools and Tips](docs/working/DEBUGGING_TOOLS.md)

3. [Issues and Reporting Bugs](docs/working/ISSUES.md)

4. [Styling Guidelines](docs/working/STYLING.md)

Thanks to BrowserStack for helping us with automated testing!

<a href="https://www.browserstack.com" target="_blank"><img src='src/img/global/logos/browserstack-logo-600x315.png' width='150' height='79'/></a>

## Contributing to the Project
Please read the following before you start contributing to the project. Thank you!

[Coding Standards and Best Practices](docs/contributing/CONTRIBUTING_STANDARDS.md)

## How to Submit Code / Pull Requests
1. [What the Heck is a Pull Request?](docs/contributing/PULL_REQUEST_BACKGROUND.md)

2. [Before Your First Pull Request](docs/contributing/PULL_REQUEST_SETUP.md)

3. [Creating a Pull Request](docs/contributing/CREATING_PULL_REQUEST.md)

4. [Pull Request Advanced Tips & Tricks](docs/contributing/PULL_REQUEST_ADVANCED.md)

5. [Troubleshooting Pull Request Problems](docs/contributing/PULL_REQUEST_TROUBLESHOOTING.md)

6. [Approving Pull Requests](docs/contributing/APPROVING_PULL_REQUESTS.md)

## Testing WebApp

[Introduction to WebApp testing](docs/testing/README_TESTING.md)

Welcome aboard!!

Commit message:

Added support for SSL in localhost, including documentation. Added some console.log entries when API's don't respond with success.

README.md, after:

# We Vote WebApp

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wevote/WebApp.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/wevote/WebApp)
[![Sauce Test Status](https://saucelabs.com/buildstatus/WeVote)](https://saucelabs.com/u/WeVote)

This WebApp repository contains a Node/React/Flux Javascript application. Using data from
Google Civic API, Vote Smart, MapLight, TheUnitedStates.io and the Voting Information Project, we give voters a social way to interact with ballot data.

Interested in volunteering? [Starting presentation here](https://prezi.com/5v4drd74pt6n/we-vote-introduction-strategic-landscape/). 
Please also [read about our values](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12qBXevI3mVKUsGmXL8mrDMPnWJ1SYw9zX9LGW5cozgg/edit) and 
[see our Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Our current alpha version is here: [https://WeVote.US](https://WeVote.US)

## Installing WebApp
Our installation process is built to allow engineers all over America to contribute to We Vote.
It may seem complicated, but it allows anyone to be in a position to make suggestions, and get involved.

1. [Preparing the Environment on Your Machine](docs/installing/ENVIRONMENT.md)

2. [Bringing Code to Your Machine](docs/installing/CLONING_CODE.md)

3. [Running WebApp for the First Time](docs/installing/RUNNING_FIRST_TIME.md)

## Working with WebApp
1. [Working with WebApp Day-to-Day](docs/working/README_WORKING_WITH_WEB_APP.md)

2. [Debugging Tools and Tips](docs/working/DEBUGGING_TOOLS.md)

3. [Issues and Reporting Bugs](docs/working/ISSUES.md)

4. [Styling Guidelines](docs/working/STYLING.md)

5. [Want to sign in with Facebook or Twitter on localhost?](docs/working/SECURE_CERTIFICATE.md)

Thanks to BrowserStack for helping us with automated testing!

<a href="https://www.browserstack.com" target="_blank"><img src='src/img/global/logos/browserstack-logo-600x315.png' width='150' height='79'/></a>

## Contributing to the Project
Please read the following before you start contributing to the project. Thank you!

[Coding Standards and Best Practices](docs/contributing/CONTRIBUTING_STANDARDS.md)

## How to Submit Code / Pull Requests
1. [What the Heck is a Pull Request?](docs/contributing/PULL_REQUEST_BACKGROUND.md)

2. [Before Your First Pull Request](docs/contributing/PULL_REQUEST_SETUP.md)

3. [Creating a Pull Request](docs/contributing/CREATING_PULL_REQUEST.md)

4. [Pull Request Advanced Tips & Tricks](docs/contributing/PULL_REQUEST_ADVANCED.md)

5. [Troubleshooting Pull Request Problems](docs/contributing/PULL_REQUEST_TROUBLESHOOTING.md)

6. [Approving Pull Requests](docs/contributing/APPROVING_PULL_REQUESTS.md)

## Testing WebApp

[Introduction to WebApp testing](docs/testing/README_TESTING.md)

Welcome aboard!!
